EKU guidance (#258)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

## Extended Key Usage Extension {#eku}

> {{RFC5280}} specifies the Extended Key Usage (EKU) X.509 certificate extension for use on end entity certificates. The extension indicates one or more purposes for which the certified public key is valid. The EKU extension can be used in conjunction with the Key Usage (KU) extension, which indicates the set of basic cryptographic operations for which the certified key may be used. A certificate's issuer explicitly delegates Status List Token signing authority by issuing a certificate containing a unique value for the extended key usage extension (originally defined in [RFC5280], Section 4.2.1.12).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{RFC5280}} specifies the Extended Key Usage (EKU) X.509 certificate extension for use on end entity certificates. The extension indicates one or more purposes for which the certified public key is valid. The EKU extension can be used in conjunction with the Key Usage (KU) extension, which indicates the set of basic cryptographic operations for which the certified key may be used. A certificate's issuer explicitly delegates Status List Token signing authority by issuing a certificate containing a the following value in the extended key usage extension.
```

Reviewer: I think we need to tie the value used to the below definition right?

> {{RFC5280}} specifies the Extended Key Usage (EKU) X.509 certificate extension for use on end entity certificates. The extension indicates one or more purposes for which the certified public key is valid. The EKU extension can be used in conjunction with the Key Usage (KU) extension, which indicates the set of basic cryptographic operations for which the certified key may be used. A certificate's issuer explicitly delegates Status List Token signing authority by issuing a certificate containing a unique value for the extended key usage extension (originally defined in [RFC5280], Section 4.2.1.12).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{RFC5280}} specifies the Extended Key Usage (EKU) X.509 certificate extension for use on end entity certificates. The extension indicates one or more purposes for which the certified public key is valid. The EKU extension can be used in conjunction with the Key Usage (KU) extension, which indicates the set of basic cryptographic operations for which the certified key may be used. A certificate's issuer explicitly delegates Status List Token signing authority by issuing a X.509 certificate containing the KeyPurposeId defined below in the extended key usage extension.
```

Reviewer 2: Would this work for you @tplooker?
